Update for cncf blog (#132)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/introduction.md

The trend of cloud-native technology is moving towards pursuing consistent application delivery across clouds and on-premises infrastructures using Kubernetes as the common layer. Kubernetes, although excellent in abstracting low-level infrastructure details, does not introduce abstractions to model software deployment on top of today's hybrid and distributed environments. We’ve seen the lack of application level context have impacted user experiences, slowed down productivity, led to unexpected errors or misconfigurations in production.

> On the other hand, modeling the deployment and operation of microservice application across hybrid environments is a complicated and fragmented process. Many CD or PaaS systems today are either over complex or highly restrictive (which means your needs are almost certain to outgrow the capabilities of such systems today or tomorrow). Application teams complain those platforms are  rigid and slow in response to features requests and improvements. Platform teams do want to help but the engineering effort to build such a cross-environments, flexible and consistent application delivery system seems daunting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, modeling the deployment and operation of microservice applications across hybrid environments is a complicated and fragmented process. Many CD or PaaS systems today are either over complex or highly restrictive (which means your needs will outgrow the capabilities of such systems sooner or later). Application teams complain those platforms are  rigid and slow in response to features requests and improvements. Platform teams do want to help but the engineering effort to build such a cross-environments, flexible and consistent application delivery system seems daunting.
```
